c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\obj\x86\Debug\MouseHuntWindowsProj.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MouseHuntWindowsProj.exe
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MouseHuntWindowsProj.pdb
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\obj\x86\Debug\MouseHuntWindowsProj.exe
c:\users\m\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\obj\x86\Debug\MouseHuntWindowsProj.pdb
C:\Users\M\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Hoot.xnb
C:\Users\M\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Background\background1.png
C:\Users\M\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Background\background2.png
C:\Users\M\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Background\background3.png
C:\Users\M\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Background\background4.png
C:\Users\M\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Background\Eye\EyeClosed.png
C:\Users\M\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Background\Eye\EyePupil.png
C:\Users\M\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Enemy\HootlingStart.png
C:\Users\M\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player\Mouse.png
C:\Users\M\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player\Mouse2.png
C:\Users\M\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Background\Eye\OpenEye.png
C:\Users\M\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player\TiledMouse.png
C:\Users\M\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Enemy\Hoot.xnb
C:\Users\M\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Enemy\HootlingSwoop.png
C:\Users\M\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player\MouseHit.wav
C:\Users\M\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\MouseHuntWindowsProj\MouseHuntWindowsProj\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player\MouseHit.xnb
